README.md, before:

## Technologies Used

|         Type         |            Name             |
| :------------------: | :-------------------------: |
|       Angular        |             v17             |
|     Angular APIs     | Signal, Standalone, Esbuild |
|     Css Library      |          Tailwind           |
|      UI Library      |      Devextreme v23.1       |
|   Store Management   |          Ngxs v18           |
|     Conventions      |   Eslint, Husky, Prettier   |
| Svg Icons Generation |          svg-to-ts          |
|     Mock Server      |         json-server         |

## Project Structure

### 1. @core

This folder includes Angular-related things shared across modules in the app:

-   Directives
-   Guards
-   Pipes
-   Interceptors
-   Services

### 2. @store

This folder includes the global store management in the app.

### 3. @widgets

This folder includes shared components used across modules in the app.

> These components should handle non-business logic and should not depend on features.

-   Button
-   Popup
-   Chart

### 4. layouts

This folder includes components used to create layouts:

-   Navigation Bar
-   Header
-   Footer

### 5. pages

This folder includes modules handling non-business logic. Each page represent for one routing,

-   Landing Page
-   404 Page

### 6. shared

This folder includes Typescript-related things shared across modules in the app:

-   Constants
-   Models
-   Enums
-   Utilities

### 7. features

This folder includes modules handling business logic. Each module should represent a specific feature.

-   Dashboard
-   Email Settings
-   Account Settings

### 7.1. features/shared

This folder includes modules handling business logic are shared across featured modules. Ideally,
features should not depend on each other, but if dependencies occur, we should eliminate bidirectional communication between them.

## Usage

### 1. Svg Icons

1. Add svg icons to the `icons` folder

```
src/
|- assets/
|  |- icons/
|     |- icon-chevron-down.svg
|     |- icons.constants.ts
```

2. Generate constants from svg icons

```bash
npm run generate-icons
```

> Svg icons from the `icons` folder will be collected by the `svg-to-ts` package. Constants will be
> generated and located inside the `icons.constants.ts` file in the `icons` folder.

3. Register svg icons in modules where they will be used(optional)

```ts
const SVG_ICONS = [svgIconChevronDown];

@NgModule({ ... })
export class DashboardModule {
    constructor(private _svgIconsRegistryService: SvgIconsRegistryService) {
        _svgIconsRegistryService.registerIcons(SVG_ICONS);
    }
}
```

4. Use icons in templates

```html
<!--FOR REGISTERED ICONS-->
<app-svg-icon
    name="icon_chevron_down"
    [width]="20">
</app-svg-icon>

<!--FOR UNREGISTERED ICONS-->
<app-svg-icon
    [data]="svgIconChevronDown.data"
    [width]="20">
</app-svg-icon>
```

### 2. Json-Server

1. Add mock data to the `db.json` file

```
src/
db.json
```

**Example**:

```json
{
    "users": [
        {
            "id": "1",
            "name": "Bob"
        },
        {
            "id": "2",
            "name": "Alice"
        }
    ],
    "profile": {
        "name": "typicode"
    }
}
```

> Server will expose the api `/users` at `http://localhost:3000`.

2. Run server

```bash
npx json-server db.json
```

### 3. Signals

Synchronize changes from components to templates without using `detectChanges()`.

❌ **Don't**

```ts
import { ChangeDetectorRef } from '@angular/core';

isLoading = false;

loadData();
{
    this.isLoading = true;
    this._dashboardService.loadData().subscribe(() => {
        this.isLoading = false;
        this._changeDetectorRef.detectChanges();
    });
}
```

✅ **Do**

```ts
import { signal } from '@angular/core';

isLoading = signal(false);

loadData();
{
    this.isLoading.set(true);
    this._dashboardService.loadData().subscribe(() => {
        this.isLoading.set(false);
    });
}
```

## Rules

### 1. Commits

Before committing file changes, ensure that the following are qualified:

-   No `Eslint` warnings and errors
-   No unformatted files

Commit message:

docs: add the static-pages section to README

README.md, after:

## Technologies Used

|         Type         |            Name             |
| :------------------: | :-------------------------: |
|       Angular        |             v17             |
|     Angular APIs     | Signal, Standalone, Esbuild |
|     Css Library      |          Tailwind           |
|      UI Library      |      Devextreme v23.1       |
|   Store Management   |          Ngxs v18           |
|     Conventions      |   Eslint, Husky, Prettier   |
| Svg Icons Generation |          svg-to-ts          |
|     Mock Server      |         json-server         |

## Project Structure

### 1. @core

This folder includes Angular-related things shared across modules in the app:

-   Directives
-   Guards
-   Pipes
-   Interceptors
-   Services

### 2. @store

This folder includes the global store management in the app.

### 3. @widgets

This folder includes shared components used across modules in the app.

> These components should handle non-business logic and should not depend on features.

-   Button
-   Popup
-   Chart

### 4. layouts

This folder includes components used to create layouts:

-   Navigation Bar
-   Header
-   Footer

### 5. static-pages

This folder includes modules handling non-business logic. Each page represent for one routing,

-   Landing Page
-   404 Page

### 6. pages

This folder includes container modules for some features that share the same layout.

-   client

### 7. shared

This folder includes Typescript-related things shared across modules in the app:

-   Constants
-   Models
-   Enums
-   Utilities

### 8. features

This folder includes modules handling business logic. Each module should represent a specific feature.

-   Dashboard
-   Email Settings
-   Account Settings

### 8.1. features/shared

This folder includes modules handling business logic are shared across featured modules. Ideally,
features should not depend on each other, but if dependencies occur, we should eliminate bidirectional communication between them.

## Usage

### 1. Svg Icons

1. Add svg icons to the `icons` folder

```
src/
|- assets/
|  |- icons/
|     |- icon-chevron-down.svg
|     |- icons.constants.ts
```

2. Generate constants from svg icons

```bash
npm run generate-icons
```

> Svg icons from the `icons` folder will be collected by the `svg-to-ts` package. Constants will be
> generated and located inside the `icons.constants.ts` file in the `icons` folder.

3. Register svg icons in modules where they will be used(optional)

```ts
const SVG_ICONS = [svgIconChevronDown];

@NgModule({ ... })
export class DashboardModule {
    constructor(private _svgIconsRegistryService: SvgIconsRegistryService) {
        _svgIconsRegistryService.registerIcons(SVG_ICONS);
    }
}
```

4. Use icons in templates

```html
<!--FOR REGISTERED ICONS-->
<app-svg-icon
    name="icon_chevron_down"
    [width]="20">
</app-svg-icon>

<!--FOR UNREGISTERED ICONS-->
<app-svg-icon
    [data]="svgIconChevronDown.data"
    [width]="20">
</app-svg-icon>
```

### 2. Json-Server

1. Add mock data to the `db.json` file

```
src/
db.json
```

**Example**:

```json
{
    "users": [
        {
            "id": "1",
            "name": "Bob"
        },
        {
            "id": "2",
            "name": "Alice"
        }
    ],
    "profile": {
        "name": "typicode"
    }
}
```

> Server will expose the api `/users` at `http://localhost:3000`.

2. Run server

```bash
npx json-server db.json
```

### 3. Signals

Synchronize changes from components to templates without using `detectChanges()`.

❌ **Don't**

```ts
import { ChangeDetectorRef } from '@angular/core';

isLoading = false;

loadData();
{
    this.isLoading = true;
    this._dashboardService.loadData().subscribe(() => {
        this.isLoading = false;
        this._changeDetectorRef.detectChanges();
    });
}
```

✅ **Do**

```ts
import { signal } from '@angular/core';

isLoading = signal(false);

loadData();
{
    this.isLoading.set(true);
    this._dashboardService.loadData().subscribe(() => {
        this.isLoading.set(false);
    });
}
```

## Rules

### 1. Commits

Before committing file changes, ensure that the following are qualified:

-   No `Eslint` warnings and errors
-   No unformatted files
